in this section you saw an introduction
to the application will be building
throughout the rest of this course
you got an introduction to reacting
Redux and saw how we'll use them along
with our smart contract to build a
decentralized application that allows
users to buy and sell items in an online
marketplace and transfer the proceeds
from their sales into their aetherium
wallet to build this you'll need some
very specific tools and in this video
I'm going to introduce those tools to
you and teach you what role they play in
our development lifecycle you're gonna
be using nodejs the truffle framework
ganache meta mask and visual code let's
go through each of these and discover
how they help us build world-class
scalable and secure decentralized
applications the first tool is no js'
and you can get it for your operating
system at node.js org node is a
JavaScript runtime engine that we'll use
to host the react application that
provides the user interface for our
online marketplace if you already have
node installed take a few minutes and
see what version you have and update it
if it's not the latest version
personally I'm a fan of the LTS versions
LTS stands for long-term support it's
stable and as the name implies has a
commitment to being supported in the
future node also comes packaged with NPM
the package manager for node J s you'll
be using this to install the
dependencies needed by our react
application those dependencies are
stored in a file in the project folder
called package JSON I've configured
everything that our react application is
going to need so that all you have to do
is download the code and type NPM
install to download and install the
dependencies
the next tool on our list is the truffle
framework will use the truffle framework
for compiling testing and deploying the
smart contracts we write in a solidity
programming language truffle provides a
framework that makes these tasks easy
fast and repeatable it's a popular open
source tool and will definitely make our
development process easier and more
enjoyable we're going to use NPM to
install this but the thing that makes
this different from the packages we
installed for nodejs with NPM is that
little dash G flag in the install
command normally NPM installs packages
in your project directory and they're
only available within that project the
dash G flag tells NPM to install this
package globally the end result is we
have a command called truffle that we
can use to compile and deploy our smart
contracts you can download the truffle
framework from truffle framework calm as
you may be aware executing a transaction
on the etherion blockchain requires
creating the transaction waiting for the
miners to confirm it and most
importantly it requires ether to pay for
it all that can be a serious hamper to
developing blockchain applications
fortunately for us it's not a problem
because we're going to use ganache to
provide a complete aetherium blockchain
right on your computer
ganache will create accounts already
funded with ether for you to test with
it runs locally on your computer so
there's no network delay and it does the
mining almost instantly so there's no
need to wait for external sources to
continue my favorite feature of ganache
by far is the ability to restart the
ganache application which resets my
entire blockchain allowing me to start
over instantly and since everything is
running locally there's no worries about
having to spend real ether to test my
smart contracts ganache is made by the
same folks who made the truffle
framework consensus and you'll find a
link for it on the same website meta
mask is a network bridge what that means
is meta mask allows the users of your
decentralized application to talk to the
etherium network without needing their
own aetherium node alternatives to using
meta masks require generating QR codes
or copying and pasting smart contract
addresses gas limits and either amounts
into
wallet application integrating with meta
mask removes those requirements and
allows us as developers to prompt the
user with a single prefilled in
transaction screen for them to review
for accuracy and then click Submit meta
mask is available for Chrome Firefox
Opera and the new brave browser so if
you're not using one of those browsers
currently you'll need to for this course
and you can download meta mask from meta
mask Co one other tip I have is to use
user profiles in your browser set up a
profile specifically for your smart
contract development this is going to
keep your profile and your meta mask
configuration separate from other
profiles in your browser this absolutely
eliminates the possibility of sending
ether from your personal account to your
test Network now doing so is unlikely to
work or cause any harm but it gives me a
level of comfort knowing that everything
is safely isolated and all the code
examples in this course you'll see me
using Microsoft's Visual Code you're
free to use any editor you're
comfortable with but if you don't have
one currently I recommend visual code I
can go on and on about the features but
I'll spare you the details and avoid
making this sound like a sales pitch oh
but did I mention it's free anyway if
you're so inclined you can download it
from code that visual studio comm the
last thing I want to touch on in this
video is the folder layout of our
project as your project grows in
complexity having good organization
skills is a must to help you understand
how this project is organized I thought
it would be worth highlighting some of
the important folders starting at the
top we have the build folder when we
compile our smart contracts the output
is stored here so that our react
application can find them below that
you'll find the contracts folder where
we will store the solidity code that
makes up our smart contract SRC or the
source folder is where we'll store all
of the source code for our react
application
inside the source folder you'll find the
containers folder that makes up our main
UI elements such as the home screen the
add item screen and the claim fund
screen the core folder is where we'll be
storing the code for our actions and
reducers and now you have all the tools
you need to build decentralized
applications on the etherium blockchain
so it's time to roll up your sleeves and
get your hands dirty in the next section
we're gonna build our first smart
contract in doing so I'm gonna teach you
about datatypes functions modifiers and
how to bring all of those together to
implement your business logic and a
smart contract I hope you're as excited
as I am and I'll see you in the next
section